National Instrument 45-102
Resale of Securities

2.3 Section 2.5 Applies - If a security was distributed under any of the provisions listed in Appendix D, the first trade of that security is subject to section 2.5.

2.5 Restricted Period
    (1) Unless the conditions in subsection (2) are satisfied, a trade that is specified by section 2.3 or other securities legislation to be subject to this section is a distribution.
    (2) Subject to subsection (3), for the purposes of subsection (1) the conditions are:
          1. The issuer is and has been a reporting issuer in a jurisdiction of Canada for the four months immediately preceding the trade.
          2. At least four months have elapsed from the distribution date.
          3. If the distribution date is on or after March 30, 2004, or, in Québec, on or after September 14, 2005, and either of the following apply:
                (i) if the issuer was a reporting issuer on the distribution date, the certificate representing the security, if any, carries a legend stating:
                        Unless permitted under securities legislation, the holder of this security must not trade the security before [insert the date that is 4 months and a day after the distribution date]”;
                (ii) if the issuer was not a reporting issuer on the distribution date, the certificate representing the security, if any, carries a legend stating:
                        Unless permitted under securities legislation, the holder of this security must not trade the security before the date that is 4 months and a day after the later of (i) [insert the distribution date], and (ii) the date the issuer became a reporting issuer in any province or territory.

3.1 If the security is entered into a direct registration or other electronic book-entry system, or if the purchaser did not directly receive a certificate representing the security, the purchaser received written notice containing the legend restriction notation set out in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) of item 3.

4. The trade is not a control distribution.

5. No unusual effort is made to prepare the market or to create a demand for the security that is the subject of the trade.

6. No extraordinary commission or consideration is paid to a person or company in respect of the trade.

7. If the selling security holder is an insider or officer of the issuer, the selling
security holder has no reasonable grounds to believe that the issuer is in default of
securities legislation.
    (3) Items 3 and 3.1 of subsection (2) do not apply to a trade of an underlying security if the underlying security is issued at least four months after the later of
          (a) the distribution date, and
          (b) the date the issuer became a reporting issuer in any jurisdiction of Canada.


                                               Appendix D to National Instrument 45-102
                                                         Resale of Securities
                                                        Restricted Period Trades
                                                               (Section 2.3)


2. In Alberta, Ontario, Québec, New Brunswick and Nova Scotia, the exemption from the
prospectus requirement in section 5 [Crowdfunding prospectus exemption] of Multilateral
Instrument 45-108 Crowdfunding. 
